Remove UI elements deprecated since 3.9 (#3256)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: CHANGES.rst

- Add missing styling to API hints entry for aperture_method in the spectral extraction plugin. [#3231]

> - Remove the ``save as fits`` option from the Collapse, Moment Maps and Spectral Extraction plugin; use the Export plugin instead. [#3256]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the deprecated ``save as fits`` option from the Collapse, Moment Maps, and Spectral Extraction plugins; use the Export plugin instead. [#3256]
```
